Previously, on "Killjoys"...
437 local agents
have stopped reporting for duty.
Until we know why,
my investigators and |
are resuming full control
of this RAC
effective immediately.
-Aneela, I am sorry to say,
is quite a bit insane.
- Yeah, no shit.
- The green breaks your bonds
with anyone you've ever loved.
Khlyen is different.
He feels for you.
No!
- I'm sorry, Yala.
- Holy shit, you're cured?
- The thing we're fighting...
It's organic.
We're never gonna beat it
until we understand
its biology, so I need you.
- Dutch, it's me.
- You're back.
- It was like a nightmare
that never ended.
I'm not even sure
if I can describe it.
- If you're looking
to be reinstated
after your little sabbatical,
you better try.
- Okay.
Well, not to brag or anything,
but it involves saving people,
lots of people...
from pirates.
- Save the bullshit for Turin.
All I wanna know is why you
and 400 other RAC agents
disappeared three months ago.
- l have nothing
to do with that...
I left on a personal matter.
- That would be death of rebel
Qreshi leader lllenore Seyah.
- Pawter.
Her name was Pawter.
And she didn't die.
She was murdered.
Words matter.
- Here's a pretty word:
Vengeance.
They never did catch
that rogue Scarback
who allegedly killed her,
did they?
- No idea... I've been away.
- I can help.
Make that a RAC priority.
Just tell me
what Dutch has to do
with the missing agents
so that I can protect her
from the fallout.
- Mm.
- Is that a yes?
We're all in this
together, Jaqobis.
- How about this...
Your entire job is bringing back
missing agents, right?
Well, good luck with that
if word gets out
that you turned on the first one
who came back.
Why make me your problem
when I can be your poster boy?
We're all in this
together, right?
-And I thought you were
just the funny one.
- | multitask.
- Johnny Jaqobis,
you are hereby reinstated
as a Reclamation
and Apprehension Agent
in good standing.
You know Killjoys
are 100% mod-free,
so lose the finger banger.
- Oh, you... you mean
this one?
See? Multitasking.
I swear Benny told the RAC
doctor to make it hurt.
Next time, I'm going
to a Company doc on Westerley.
- Yeah, good luck finding one.
Company's mostly pulled up
stakes since the wall came down.
- Westerley, the RAC...
| go away for a bit,
and everything's changed.
- I can't believe she asked you
to snitch on Dutch though.
- Oh, I can.
Bitches gonna bitch.
- So the brass hates us.
Dutch hates everyone else...
It's three against the Universe.
And things haven't
changed that much...
-Agent 9386, missing.
- Then again...
- Fancy calls them "cleansed."
-Almost sounds nice.
You know what we need?
A good, old-fashioned,
balls-out Warrant adventure.
Kick the dust off the booties,
nothing weird,
nothing mysterious, just...
- Or...
So these just showed up
out of nowhere?
- They've cloaked
on Arkyn for decades.
- So why did they bring
this one to Leith?
- Good question.
Let's check with Zeph.
- Uh, what's a Zeph?
- That's a Zeph.
Say hello.
Zeph!
New nerd, meet old nerd.
- It's Johnny,
and don't be nervous.
I'm sure half of what they said
about me is wildly exaggerated.
- Sure, okay.
lt moved.
- I'm sorry, what?
- The ship... this ship.
Turin brought it here
for me to study.
It moved... and recently.
- We can't even open the door.
How do you know it moved?
- Thank you for asking.
The residual radiation readings
from the hull
are off the charts,
and it's not local rad either,
though probably still in the J.
I'd say it moved
in the last... 72 hours.
- Whoa, easy there,
Captain Specific.
Radiation's half-life would make
that an impossible call.
- Not if you can do the math.
Well, I think
I'm pretty good at math.
- Well, if you were,
I don't see how
you could ask that question.
- Can I talk to you
for a second?
- Mm-hmm.
- I'm sure your math
is very math-y.
- Look, I know what
you're gonna say,
but we're trying to build
an army here, Johnny,
and I didn't know
when you were coming back.
awkward turtle over there.
- We need all the help
that we can get.
We still have no idea
what this fleet is for
or where the pilots
or how to even open it.
You're back now, and we can
figure it out like we always do.
Just more of us.
Come on, she's rough.
So are you.
Put your mental pants on.
- | feel fat in them.
Look, Dutch, I came back
to team, not to teach.
So if she wants to stay,
it'll take some big moves
to impress me.
- Whoa, what'd you do?
I guess I opened it.
- Yay.
- Clear?
- Clear.
- I've never seen
anything like this.
- l have for the last
three months.
Different model, but the same
engine controls.
Grav generator, um...
weird squiggly thing.
Interesting fact: The design is
based on standard transistors
and energy flow that
we're used to in engineering.
If anything, it's more...
- Organic.
- l was gonna say complex.
- Organic systems are always
more complex.
Nature can run rings
around any wrench monkey.
-All right, all right, don't
get your slide rules in a knot.
- Slide rules?
What are we, animals?
- Right?
Try growing up with him.
- What are these?
- Flight logs,
last known coordinates,
and, by the looks of it,
it wasn't a local trip.
- So if we wanted to go to recon
wherever this ship just went...
- Wait a minute...
We have no idea
where this will send us.
- Risk nothing, get nothing.
Look, these ships are weapons
in our own backyard.
I need to know
who controls them.
- Anybody want my opinion?
- Sorry, Johnny, ljust
got out of the habit of...
Go on, the floor's yours.
- Okay, all right, let's just
start with some
basic questions, okay?
Hey, what happened to my floor?
- I skipped to the fun part.
You know you wanted me to.
- Well, you said you wanted
an adventure.
- J‘ Ooh, ooh
J“ Ooh, ooh
J“ Ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh J‘
- Commander Aneela
has been very pleased
with the detailed intelligence
you've given so far.
- Good. Perhaps she can answer
some of my questions today.
-All in due time, Delle Seyah.
- I am Seyah Kendry,
daughter of the Nine,
Protector of Qresh.
You can address me as such.
- Of course, Seyah Kendry.
No offense intended.
- I think I'll start
with the obvious question
of how she looks.
- I'm sorry, Seyah Kendry?
- I'm thinking out loud, Gander.
It doesn't require
a response every time.
- Seyah Kendry...
a word of advice.
As the Commander's
most senior advisor,
it might be best to run
any questions by me first.
You know how rulers can be,
especially ones
as, uh... passionate as Aneela.
- Yes, I do known how rulers
can be because I am one.
And I'm sorry,
who are you to decide
what she can or cannot hear?
- Kendry,
welcome to my war room.
- It's impressive.
- I'm so pleased you survived
the transfusion.
I upgraded you
from whatever gutter green
that was inside of you.
- What do you mean?
- Well, there are two strains
of Hullen.
Some were made to take orders.
Some were born to give them.
I made sure you played
for my team.
- How many Hullen are there?
- A lot.
- Be careful out there, guys.
- Just had to press
that button, didn't you?
- I really did.
- Does any of this seem
familiar to you?
- Well, seen one
frozen wasteland,
you've seen them all.
Any idea yet
how the ship bounced here?
- Not yet,
but I'll figure it out.
- I'd be happy to take
a look at it.
- I will... figure... it out.
- So how we doing
with those rad readings
you were getting, Zeph?
- Well, I'm monitoring
the derived units
of ionizing radiation to measure
the stochastic effects
on human tissue... whoa.
Tell me something...
Do you like
your internal organs,
or do you like-like them?
- Uh, radiation's high...
Don't stay out too long.
- But do the readings match
the ones you got from the ship?
- Yeah, this ship has definitely
been here before.
- Can you describe it?
- Old-timey.
Deeply wrong.
Honey, we are so not home.
- Let's go meet
the neighbors, shall we?
- Oh, this isn't
unbelievably creepy.
We don't have
any protective gear.
We can't stay long.
— Sweep and clear,
house by house.
- Need backup?
- You'll know
if you hear shooting.
- Let's get out of here before
our piss starts glowing.
- Your piss won't glow
for another 58 minutes.
- Guys, you gotta see this.
Looks like a time capsule
from the first colonies.
It's like if...
living dolls had homes.
- Guys, I'm seeing evidence
of a shield generator,
possibly a rad blocker.
It was shut down a while ago,
but this place...
It's old, like, 100 years old.
— So who needed
the shield, then?
- Anybody hear that?
- Hear what?
- Great, I'm starting
to imagine things.
Wait, I've seen this before.
- Today, we will
talk about smiling.
Smiling isn'tjust
with your mouth...
See?
- What the shit?
- What is it?
You need backup?
- I might need therapy.
- This place is Hullen.
Or it was.
- Then why the radiation shield?
The last I checked, Hullen...
They didn't worry about
shit like that because
they heal instantly.
- You have to smile with
your eyes too, like this.
Now you try.
- It's some kind
of training hologram.
Dutch, remember what Sabine said
when people get Hullenized?
- They lose the ability
for normal human connection.
A place like this, they could
learn how to fake it.
- I didn't touch anything.
I swear.
- What the hells is that?
There!
— Um, my rad readings just
spiked like I've never seen.
Some sort of solar flare, maybe?
It's about to...
What does that mean?
- I think it's a countdown.
Dutch, D'Av,
I don't know what's happening,
but, wherever you are,
get inside, find shelter.
- What, Johnny?
Who is it?
- No, not who, but what.
It's the sun.
Big flare coming your way...
You have to take cover!
Close your eyes!
- How'd we get into orbit?
- I'll know once I get
control of the ship.
- Why don't you have control?
You're a pilot.
I don't... I don't pilot.
— The flare's EMP shorted
everything out,
same as what's screwing
with our comms.
- What the hells is going on?
- The last thing I heard
Johnny say was "flare."
We need to get back to the ship.
- How do we do that, exactly?
I can't find my ass right now.
- Start walking due east.
- You know where east is?
- Well, it's not like it moved.
Gun, someone took my gun!
- New plan, this way!
- Once we return to the Quad
with your armada behind me...
Us, the Nine,
will do whatever we...
You...
want... Aneela.
- Interesting proposal,
well-thought out.
However, the Commander
has already decided that,
with the loss
of our resources in that area,
it was best to wait and gather
intelligence before...
- I'm aware of my decisions,
Gander.
I made them.
I haven't heard
from my father in weeks.
I brought you here
because I know you're his ally
in the Quad.
Where is he?
- Well, I'm... I'm sorry
to be the bearer of such news,
but... your father is gone.
- Gone where?
- He's dead.
- Oh.
I see.
- But I can at least
tell you what happened.
-Ahh!
- No.
- Now you stay...
and you see what you've done.
- Are you okay?
- Yeah.
Better now that I can see.
- Shit, we need to find
another way out.
- This way... follow me,
quick!
- Who the hells is that?
- I'll take my chances.
- There was a key and
the key is a seed...
- All right, we got squiggly
numbers again.
- A circle's a seed,
a seed is a tree...
- Or are those letters?
-Aseed is a circle...
- Are you... praying?
- What? No, shut up.
You're praying!
I'm so sorry,
I get aggressive when anxious.
Did you get controls back?
- Sure, sure, almost.
- So we are gonna die.
Okay, I'm gonna die.
Okay, great.
Uh, oh, my God.
- Hey, hey, hey, hey, hey,
hey, hey, hey, hey.
Why did you stay on the ship?
- Because you don't like me or
trust me to stay alone?
- What? No.
Well, okay, yes, fine,
but what
did you stay here to do?
- Compile data so I can better
understand the situation.
- Or, put another way,
you saw weird shit happening,
and you wanted to figure it out,
which makes you...
- Uh, super cool, always single?
- Mm, or, put another way...
A nerd.
And the thing about nerds
is that we save the day
way more than people think.
So let's do some nerdy shit
and save the day.
Radiation, what do we know?
- Uh, okay, um, well,
the solar flare is receding,
so if Dutch and D'Av covered
their eyes, they should be okay.
- Okay, good, that's good.
I'm gonna work on
getting the comms
and controls back online.
You work on predicting
the next flare.
- Great, oh, uh, tiny side note.
Um, repeated exposure will
affect parts of the small organs
like the eyes, leading to
permanent blindness,
and then it gets...
It gets much, much, much...
- Okay, okay, so, less good.
Don't scared.
- Get nerdy.
Okay.
- You're back for the Remnant.
Let me help you.
- Wait, back from where?
What Remnant?
- You can't see a thing with
that thing covering your eyes.
You're sewn shut.
Who did this to you?
- It's all right.
It's a blessing.
What's that?
We have to go fast.
- Don't shoot!
- We're back.
What happened?
- Don't know.
I just did... something.
Let's go.
- I'm not finished
with this test.
- Well, do it later.
We gotta get Dutch
and D'Av first.
- Which won't help us
if the ship boofs again
before we get back!
- Worry about boofs later.
We have to haul ass
before the next flare.
Oh, Zeph, we got company.
Come down slowly.
- I need to test a theory first.
- Zeph?
So, what's fun around here?
You guys got, like, any sports?
- Oh, great,
now I owe Dutch 20 joy.
- Where's Zeph?
- Here's my professional opinion
about your new nerd.
She sucks.
- We have been waiting for you.
- Well, you can keep waiting.
We're not going anywhere
with tall, dark,
and screechy over there.
- Him? Please, don't be
afraid of the Guardians.
They stay above to protect us.
It is the ultimate sacrifice.
- Oh, yeah, much better.
- I am Yarin.
I speak for the Unseeing.
Are you the Undying?
- Y... esss?
- We have so much to show you.
- So the flares are
why you live down here.
- We have to.
The sun poisons everything
aboveground.
Only the Guardians may go.
Bless their sacrifice.
- So those suits
that they're wearing...
It's for the radiation.
- Yeah, I guess being
screechy nightmares
is just a bonus.
- You don't speak like
the Undying I remember.
- We're from a different branch.
- The Last Seer will understand.
- Who is the Last Seer?
When can we talk to him?
- Oh, he'll do more than that.
Go on.
- Stay cool, guys.
All: Look to the stars,
for there they will orbit.
- What the hells is this?
- It's a celebration,
and you are the guests of honor.
- Well, not too bad, all in all.
The slicings and stabbings
we can heal.
It's the beheadings
and Iimb-severings I resent.
Waste of perfectly
good soldiers.
Where are you going?
- To get someone to clean up
the rest of this.
- But my dear,
you're right here.
- I am Delle Seyah Kendry
of the Nine Families of Qresh,
and I will not be spoken to
in this manner by the help.
But you aren't
Delle Seyah Kendry
of the Nine anymore.
You are Hullen.
- You're down here now
with the rest of us in her muck.
And this blood is on your hands,
so clean... it... up.
- So we're thinking
Undying Hullen?
- Probably, but then who are
the mole people?
Hullen can't go blind.
- Silence for the Last Seer.
- Friends, today is a sad day.
One of our children went above.
- But Seer,
the Undying are here.
-Ah, the Undying, yes.
Yarin, as speaker
of the Unseeing,
perhaps you could lead
the sermon.
I'm sure our new friends would
love to hear about the faithful.
- Many years ago, we came to
this place to serve the Undying,
immortal gods
that so loved humans,
they sought to learn our ways,
to honor us.
- Well, that's one way
to put it.
- But then, they left,
and it was not ours
to question why.
Nor when they took away
the shields that protected us.
But did we weaken?
- No.
- Never!
- Did we break faith?
Because we had the Last Seer,
a miracle.
He promised us
that you would return.
He told us that our blindness
was a gift.
A gift we even
gave to our children.
We stitched their eyes at birth
so that their first sight
would be our gods, returned.
And now you have.
- This is starting get...
what comes after awkward?
- But not all of us
stayed faithful.
One of us went aboveground
against my word.
- But Seer, surely today we...
- She disobeyed my word!
And so now, it is upon us
to show our new friends
what comes from that.
- Dutch...
- Wait.
He's baiting us,
trying to draw us out.
- Please, I'm so sorry.
- Your stitches are a gift,
but your eyes
belong to the Unseeing, and you
don't deserve them anymore.
Okay, waiting's over.
- They are Unseeing.
I am not.
Take them.
- So we tell Turin about this,
we're gonna skip the part
where we got jumped
by a bunch of blind dudes, cool?
- Well, it wouldn't be
an issue if you haven't gone
and gotten a new nerd.
- You're the one who left.
- Yeah, and I said that I was
sorry about that.
- Are you kidding me?
For the first time in our lives,
you're the one who took off,
and I got to stay
and be the responsible one.
llovedit
- Well, then I'm sorry that
I ruined your nice, new setup.
My bad, all of it.
- Johnny, you know
I'm glad you're back,
but that doesn't mean things
aren't gonna be weird.
You left.
This is what coming back
feels like.
- You know, I find people
are always more honest
Something about the dark.
It makes us all vulnerable.
- If the other Undying learn
of how you've treated us...
- Yeah, what will you do?
Tell the gods?
I know you're not one of them.
You tried to save that girl.
That was never their way.
Who are you?
Where did you get that ship?
- Hey, hey, leave her alone.
Hey, asshole...
- You attacked the Last Seer!
- Ahh!
- Listen to this, prick.
I know I should
feel worse about punching
an old blind dude, but I don't,
and I'm cool with that.
- Oh, what was that
horrible sound?
- Ultra high frequency,
figured their hearing
would be heightened,
and they'd get their ass kicked
by a shriek.
- Does that mean we're about to
get rushed by those screaming
stalker things?
- No, it was directional.
No one else should've heard.
- Then let me take you
to The Room That Sings,
to find the Remnant.
- The Remnant, what is that?
- Yeah, good question.
- It's what you came for
the last time you were here.
- We've never been here before.
- Yes, you have.
You came here three days ago.
You said you needed
to find the Remnant,
or the lady would come
and kill everyone.
- I did?
- You came here in that ship.
- Underground, there is nothing
but whispers everywhere.
I like to go aboveground
and just hear nothing.
I didn't know how you came.
I just know you were there.
You said you needed the Remnant,
that it was important,
and that we were
keeping it safe for you.
I told you I didn't know
what that was,
but the Last Seer might.
But then the alarm sounded,
and you had to leave.
But you said you'd come back
and take me away with you.
And now you're here.
- You can't see.
How do you know it was me?
- I know that chin.
And that voice.
- It is adorable.
- Johnny, I don't remember
any of this.
I swear to you, if this is true,
it isn't just bad... it's crazy.
- Compared to what?
Stabbing me,
switching bodies with Khlyen,
making eyeballs explode?
On D'Av the magic pony scale,
this is a five, maybe a six.
- Johnny, this isn't funny.
- I know, but I'm back now,
and we will figure it out
like we always do, and we can
start by figuring out
why you came here
in the first place.
- Then let me take you
to The Room That Sings.
- Well, that sounds better
than the room
that shoots you a bunch.
- You do realize
I'm the one with the gun,
and you're the one surrounded
by a bunch of blind,
religious lunatics?
- Not much of a believer.
- I am the Last Seer.
My life is a miracle.
-And stitching
little girls' eyes closed...
what kind of miracle is that?
- Don'tjudge belief until
you know where it came from.
The gods decreed.
- The gods who ran this camp
were using it as a training
facility to impersonate humans.
— The gods that were
here before...
- Are an alien force of
plasma-based parasites.
We call them Hullen,
and we want to know
why they all left.
- Who said they all left?
- The Room That Sings.
Isn't it beautiful?
- I'm not sure if it's singing,
but it sure is gorgeous.
I mean, this ship is old,
like, 100 years old.
Surprised it still runs.
- You're Hullen, aren't you?
- Is that your question?
- No.
My question is,
if they all left,
why did you stay?
- Because he told me to.
- Why is it that you think
this Remnant is here?
- This is a room
where no one is allowed.
Not even Yarin.
If something were important,
I'm sure the Seer
would hide it here.
Can you see it?
- I still don't know
what it is
that we're looking for.
- Try looking at this.
Security cam,
last day on record.
You recognize anyone?
- Khlyen. That's what
he called himself, anyway.
I'd been running
this reintegration camp
for 100 years,
and along he comes
to shut it down.
Took the recruits,
left the human slaves and me.
- Why?
- No, my turn.
Where'd you get the ship?
- We found it.
Khlyen must have left it.
Did he come up with
this religion?
What's the point
of all this bullshit?
- When the shields
were shut down,
they went blind in weeks.
They came up with
the whole Unseeing thing.
IthoughL
"What harm could fables do?"
- And why not get treated
like a living god
while you waited, huh?
- It has its benefits.
Besides...
Khlyen said he was coming back.
That isn't bullshit, is it?
- Is that your question?
- My question is "Is Khlyen
coming back for it?"
- Yes, now go and get it.
- Get what?
— The Remnant.
- Which is?
If you don't know what it is,
it's not for you, is it?
Why are you really here?
- Khlyen's dead.
- It's Khlyen. He must've left
whatever the hells it is.
Did you recognize him
from that video?
Right, um, um...
Here.
This is his symbol.
If he left anything,
this might be on it.
Do you recognize this?
- I know that shape.
Come with me.
- Oh, hey, that's okay,
I'll just download this first,
find Dutch, maybe find us
a rescue ship too.
Does that sound good?
- Perfect, love ya.
- Khlyen is dead?
No, no, no, he can't...
- I saw it with my own eyes.
He sacrificed himself
to poison the Arkyn pool
and free the Arkyn born.
He's not coming back.
- I... I have been waiting here
for 30 years.
I... I watched these people
lose everything.
I've let them believe
whatever they needed.
I've let them stitch
their own children's eyes!
- But what do you care
about a bunch of slaves?
— Well... Well, I don't,
I mean, ljust, I...
- Do you need your goggles
when you go out now?
Do you get sick afterwards?
Are you starting to feel things
even for the Unseeing?
You've been cleansed.
You're not Hullen anymore.
You're human.
— Rejoice, the Undying
have returned!
- Returned, rejoice.
- Come gather... the Undying
have returned.
- Can you see them?
- Come gather... the Undying
have returned.
- No, I see nothing.
- But I can hear them.
We can hear the ships!
- Dutch, you there?
- Bit busy.
This apocalypse thanks to you?
- Yeah, well,
I couldn't find you,
so I had to think fast.
Phase one complete.
I used our hologram friend
to get you topside.
I'm blasting ship sounds
to buy us time.
Still no sign of Zeph.
- Great, phase two?
- I'm working on it.
Just give me some more time.
- It's the children's duty
to care for the altar.
We're not supposed to know
what's inside it,
but I opened it once.
I'm not very good with rules.
It's in there.
-Ah, now that looks
like something you'd call
a Remnant.
- Yeah, but what is it?
- Whatever it is
I came for, I guess.
But we need to go.
What's wrong?
I promised I'd take you,
apparently.
- Yeah, but I didn't actually
think you'd come back.
What if it's awful?
- You wanna know the truth?
Some of it will be awful,
but some of it
will be beautiful too.
You'll see.
But you get to choose, okay?
— Rejoice, the Undying
have returned.
- Okay, I'll do it.
- Returned, rejoice.
- It's the Chin, isn't it?
- Rejoi... da...
- What's happening?
Where are the Undying?
- Johnny?
- I don't know what it is.
It's some sort of power surge,
but I'm coming to get you now.
- Khlyen is not coming back,
is he?
- No, that's what I keep
telling you.
No one is.
You've got to tell them
the truth.
- The truth?
That all this is for nothing?
They did everything for a lie?
They'll turn on me.
It's over.
- It doesn't have to be.
You can still save them.
- Friends, Unseeing,
it's been a long, hard road,
and now it appears it'll be
a little bit longer.
This woman is a false prophet.
- What are you doing?
- She's tempting you,
but you are strong.
You are the Unseeing,
and we will stay here
until we are saved.
Do you believe?
- Yes, Seer, always.
- Then kill the liar.
All: Kill her!
- Show the Undying your faith.
- Johnny, get fighty out here!
- Hold them off...
I'm almost there!
- Kill her.
- The sun, go below!
Everyone, go below!
- They've... They've returned.
- Dutch!
Hey, it's me.
I don't know how,
but Zeph is here.
For the record,
I still hate her.
-Ah!
- Careful, careful!
- Relax, I sutured livestock
on my farm all the time.
- This does not make me
feel better, Zeph.
Quinn, we're almost done.
That tickles.
Can I open them now?
- No, wait.
Okay, now.
- Wow, that was way more
rewarding that livestock.
- I know starting over is scary,
but the monks
I'm taking you to
are good people.
Are you crying?
Are you... Zeph?
- No, no, no, it's fine.
It's just like you said.
It's beautiful.
- Well, that's just
a cargo hold, I mean...
But I know what you mean.
What?
- No, it's nothing, I...
I just thought you'd be
better looking.
- Oh.
- But how did you...?
- Sexy, sexy deduction.
- At first, the ship moved
when it was in danger
and came back when it was safe.
But then I realized...
Who was standing near the ship
when it first opened?
Who pressed the controls
to get us here
in the first place?
Dutch, right?
So I thought, hmm,
hey, dumbass, maybe the key
to controlling these ships
is not a code or a button,
but a person,
so I scraped the controls
for her residual DNA,
slapped it on a polymer strip,
and bam, I'm a fancy pilot.
Dutch is the key
to the whole fleet.
So do you want to tell her,
or can I?
You can't still
be angry with me.
- Oh, I really can.
You abandoned us.
- No, I strategically
absented myself from you.
Come on, I weighed the odds.
There was no point both of us
getting captured.
- You really don't get it.
- Fine, next mission,
I'll check with you first
before I do anything amazing.
- There isn't gonna be
a next time.
- But I'm the new nerd.
Dutch said.
- And, as the old nerd,
I'm telling you yourjob
isn't just to be right.
It's to be careful.
It's to protect them.
The missions?
They're not labs.
And Dutch and D'Av
are brave as shit,
but they cannot do what we do,
and they know it.
If we tell them to run
into fire, they will,
so you better be sure
that you can get them back out.
- Is that why you abandoned
your team for months?
To protect them?
- No.
That's why I came back.
And that's why
I'm assigning you this.
Put your ego aside,
and figure out
how to open this for the team.
And then we'll talk again.
- I've missed your way
with smart women, John.
- I missed you too, Luce.
Wait, is that sarcasm?
- So you went on
an instantaneous
interstellar journey,
and you don't remember
anything about it?
- I don't remember
coming on board, I don't
remember flying anywhere.
I don't even know
where else I might've gone.
- Do you remember how to drink?
- Hearing about my woes
makes you think "party".
- The toast isn't for that.
- Finally, my welcome home
pany
I'm not... really sure
why we're doing it here, but...
- It's not for that either.
- Oh.
- We're here to Christen.
D'Av's new fleet.
- Your fleet, you mean.
- I don't think so.
-As much as I hate to admit
that Zeph is right...
you pushed the button.
- No. I didn't.
- You pushed my hand.
Zeph scraped my DNA.
- Wait... he's in charge
of the fleet?
Do you know how insufferable
that's gonna make him?
- But why?
- I don't give a shit.
- That's one approach.
- Khlyen never did anything
without the plan.
The Remnant, these ships...
When he was dying,
he must have used
his weird connection
with D'Avin one last time
to carry it on.
But Khlyen's gone,
and all that matters
is our plan,
OUF war.
These ships are key
to reaching Aneela,
and we're gonna use
the shit out of them.
That's what we're celebrating.
Whatever's coming...
We're gonna be ready for it.
- Aneela.
You need to get up.
You can't lead from a bed.
- What does it matter anymore?
- My mistake.
I thought...
you were your father's daughter.
- I am his only daughter!
Then show me.
Show all of them.
- You know...
nothing...
about me, little bird.
- I know what it's like
to have power fail you.
To be betrayed,
to lose everything you love.
Everything falls, Aneela,
from fathers to empires.
But... we...
are queens.
And queens... rise.
- What do you want,
Qreshi?
- So share in your vengeance
and sit at your table.
I can help you get the woman
who killed your father.
I know exactly how to hurt her.
- Good.
Stay.
- J‘ I hear you calling
J‘ Caught in
the pale blue night J‘
- I still don't understand.
You look so much like...
- We don't say her name.
Ever
Until she's dead.
-J‘Ohoh
J'Oh
J'Oh oh
J‘Oh oh oh oh oh oh